sclang-mode
===========
This is a fork of [the official SuperCollider sclang-mode for emacs](https://github.com/supercollider/supercollider/tree/master/editors/scel/el). ~~I have not submitted a pull request and probably won't, since I am not terribly confident in my elisp-fu, nor have I really done a lot of testing on these changes to the official one. Hopefully people who use emacs to write SC will find this and find it useful, though.~~ [I have submitted the changes in this repo as a pull request to SuperCollider and most likely they will be merged soon, so there isn't really any reason to use this repo over the official one after that.](https://github.com/supercollider/supercollider/pull/2508) I may continue to use this repository to make changes locally as I work on fixing bugs and adding features to sclang-mode. I'm now pretty confident in my elisp skills, so it's more likely that when I have some changes that would be worthwhile to submit to the official SuperCollider repo, I will make pull requests and hopefully they'll be merged. Therefore I don't recommend using this repo instead of the official SC sclang-mode.

I've also written other elisp to make writing SC easier in emacs, but it is separate from this repo, and is totally optional. If you are interested, check out [my supercollidexr repo](https://github.com/defaultxr/supercollidexr), where my-sclang.el is stored. Some things in it might only make sense if you also install the SuperCollider class files in that repo as well. I don't update that very much, though, and I may make a separate repo for my-sclang.el in the future, and treat it as a separate "sclang-extensions" type of project.

changes made
============
The things that I changed from the official sclang-mode:
* Remove the class regex (and thus make it possible to detect class names even when many SC quarks/classes are installed)
  * The official sclang-mode will stop highlighting classes if you have too many installed. The reason for this is that it generates a list of all the classes and then converts it into a big regex. Emacs has a maximum size for regexes, and if you have too many classes to be represented in a regex, it will fail, and no class names will be syntax highlighted.
  * My fix is to use the general regex to look for things that MIGHT be class names (i.e. any word that starts with a capital letter) and then check for that word's existence in the list of all the class names. This might be slightly slower, but I haven't noticed it being slower when I scroll the window or move the point or whatever. It also might cause some unforeseen bugs that I am not yet aware of.
  * These changes are mostly in `sclang-mode.el`, in the `sclang-update-font-lock` and `sclang-font-lock-class-keyword-matcher` functions, as well as the variable I defined (which holds the list of all the classes), `sclang-list-of-classes`.
